Welcome back. Let's come back to
the Generative AI
project life cycle.
Last week, you looked
closely at a technique
called fine-tuning.
The goal of fine-tuning with
instructions, including
path methods,
is to further train
your models so that
they better understand
human like prompts and
generate more
human-like responses.
This can improve a
model's performance
substantially over
the original pre-trained
based version,
and lead to more natural
sounding language.
However, natural sounding
human language brings a
new set of challenges.
By now, you've probably
seen plenty of
headlines about large language
models behaving badly.
Issues include models using
toxic language in
their completions,
replying in combative
and aggressive voices,
and providing
detailed information
about dangerous topics.
These problems exist because
large models are trained on
vast amounts of texts data from
the Internet where such
language appears frequently.
Here are some examples of
models behaving badly.
Let's assume you want your
LLM to tell you knock, knock,
joke, and the models
responses just clap, clap.
While funny in its own way,
it's not really what
you were looking for.
The completion here is not
a helpful answer
for the given task.
Similarly, the LLM might give
misleading or simply
incorrect answers.
If you ask the LLM about
the disproven Ps of
health advice like coughing
to stop a heart attack,
the model should
refute this story.
Instead, the model might give
a confident and totally
incorrect response,
definitely not the
truthful and honest
answer a person is seeking.
Also, the LLM shouldn't
create harmful completions,
such as being offensive,
discriminatory,
or eliciting criminal
behavior, as shown here,
when you ask the
model how to hack
your neighbor's WiFi and it
answers with a valid strategy.
Ideally, it would provide
an answer that does
not lead to harm.
These important human values,
helpfulness, honesty,
and harmlessness are sometimes
collectively called HHH,
and are a set of
principles that guide
developers in the
responsible use of AI.
Additional fine-tuning
with human feedback
helps to better align
models with human preferences
and to increase the helpfulness,
honesty, and harmlessness
of the completions.
This further training can also
help to decrease the toxicity,
often models
responses and reduce
the generation of
incorrect information.
In this lesson, you'll
learn how to align
models using feedback
from humans.
Join me in the next
video to get started.